# System-Analysis-and-Design

This is the DriverPass project. The client was Liam, the owner of DriverPass. They wanted us to design an online system to provide students with access to online practice exams and on-the-road training to better prepare them for driving tests. This would utilize a web-based system. 
I think I did well in explaining the objectives and goals, as well as the various requirements for the system. Additionally I believe my Activity UML diagram was acceptable. I think if I were to revise my documents, I would focus on the Use Case UML and the Class diagram. These two diagrams can involve a considerable amount of data to be fully complete and I believe they could be improved on. However, the diagrams I created do a good job of showcasing the vital parts of the system. The client for this system explained his main concerns in the interview portion of the research, and I catalogued these points and used them as a blueprint for the system. Additionally I considered the various users and security concerns of the system. It is important to consider the user's needs because addressing these needs are what leads to a succesful system that creates a prosperous company. 
My approach to designing software involves trying to break down the software into it's simplest parts and building up from there. The techniques and strategies I would use to analyze and design a system in the future would primarily involve extensive research and adjustment to ensure the best possible product. 
